people in Norwalk celebrated the grand
opening of a new yoga studio this
evening life path Yoga and Wellness
studio is now open on Main Avenue the
Studio's founder Nina antolino tells us
it's a place for people to learn an
authentic practice of yoga and
meditation anino says there are classes
for all levels from beginners to
advanced yoga is more than a physical
practice it's really an opportunity for
us to learn how to quiet our minds to
get more focused and um to also focus on
our breathing the breath work is really
important as well to learn more about
life path Yoga and Wellness go to our
website that's news12.com